Add overview, model evaluation overview and llm evaluation page documentation to docusaurus (#13512)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/llm-evaluate/index.mdx

Reviewer: Let's copy the original folder structure, so for example if the original source for this file was `rst-to-migrate/llms/llm-evaluate`, the path in this folder should be `docs/llms/llm-evaluate` (this is to prevent links from breaking)

    }
```

### Evaluating with an MLflow Deployments Endpoint

For MLflow >= 2.11.0, [mlflow.evaluate()](<../python_api/mlflow.mdx#mlflow.evaluate()>) supports evaluating a model endpoint by directly passing the MLflow Deployments endpoint URI to the `model` argument.
This is particularly useful when you want to evaluate a deployed model hosted by a local [MLflow AI Gateway](../deployments/index.html), [Databricks Foundation Models API](https://docs.databricks.com/en/machine-learning/model-serving/score-foundation-models.html), and [External Models in Databricks Model Serving](https://docs.databricks.com/en/generative-ai/external-models/index.html), without implementing custom prediction logic to wrap it as an MLflow model or a python function.

Please don't forget to set the target deployment client by using [mlflow.deployments.set_deployments_target()](../python_api/mlflow.mdx#mlflow.deployments.set_deployments_target) before calling [mlflow.evaluate()](<../python_api/mlflow.mdx#mlflow.evaluate()>) with the endpoint URI, as shown in the example below. Otherwise, you will see an error message like `MlflowException: No deployments target has been set...`.

> <Hint />
> 
>     When you want to use an endpoint **not** hosted by an MLflow AI Gateway or Databricks, you can create a custom Python function following the [Evaluating with a Custom Function](../llms/llm-evaluate/index.html#llm-eval-custom-function)` guide and use it as the ``model`` argument.

Reviewer: instead of a custom component like this, could we use the [admonitions syntax](https://docusaurus.io/docs/next/markdown-features/admonitions)? 

```suggestion
:::info

When you want to use an endpoint **not** hosted by an MLflow AI Gateway or Databricks, you can create a custom Python function following the [Evaluating with a Custom Function](#evaluating-with-a-custom-function) guide and use it as the ``model`` argument.

:::
```
